context/abridged.md, before:

# Part 1 A kiss from the dark

## Chapter 1 No options outside

A group of strangers, who had all arrived in Watheton for different reasons, found themselves in the local tavern, sharing drinks and stories. There was Guilf, a rugged bard with a quick wit; Miraak, an outcast dragonborn soldier; Kethra a young sorcerer with a mysterious past; Fuko a drow wizard from the Ghost Domain; and Dolman, a brave dwarven scout eager to prove himself. As they chatted, they heard of a large-scale attack of golden dragons in the south, causing widespread panic and chaos. The city of Watheton had no choice but to organise a mass evacuation to the nearby [Tolfoddund mines](realms.md#Tolfonddundhesm).

The group quickly offered to assist the Watheton leaders in ensuring safe passage for the inhabitants of the city. They scouted the road to the mines, fending off attacks from dangers along the way. Upon reaching the mines, the group discovered that their journey was far from over. A former friend of Guilf, Nilperto, had been turned into an undead creature, with a strange tattoo on his neck. The group fought bravely against Nilperto and his minions, eventually defeating them and uncovering a hidden passage that led to the Intermine and further to the Nargun Mines.

![](https://i.imgur.com/UQEH8lj.png)

## Chapter 2 The Glasrath alliance

As the group emerged from the Intermine, they found themselves on the outskirts of the [Nargun](realms.md#Nargunhesm) stronghold. The dwarves, who had been battling undead attackers for years, welcomed them with open arms. Over the next few weeks, many other people came to the mines seeking protection. Populations and armies from the cities to the south of Watheton, as well as drows from the Ghost Domain, arrived seeking shelter.

Some of the refugees from the cities had actually seen the dragons, offering a varied description of their appearance and abilities. Some said they had never seen anything like them before, while others claimed they had fought dragons in the past, but never ones as these. As tensions rose, the leaders of the various groups appointed the group of five as their representatives. They were tasked with forming an alliance amongst all the armies in order to stand a chance against the approaching horde of undead. 

In the midst of this chaos, the group met Ghuse, a martial cleric from [Algath](religions.md#Algath), the goddess of life and death. As they worked to unite the disparate forces, the group learned more about the strange tattoo on Nilperto's neck. They discovered that it was a mark of the undead army, a sign of their allegiance to a powerful necromancer who was rumoured to be behind the attacks.

With the clock ticking down and the undead army approaching, the group worked tirelessly to coordinate the defences of the mines. They organised the various armies into a cohesive unit, using their unique skills and talents to prepare and equip them for battle. They knew that the battle ahead would be brutal and bloody, but they also knew that they had a chance to turn the tide and protect the innocent people under their care.

![](https://i.imgur.com/VahnrSv.png)

## Chapter 3 Battle from Ammuinoth

The Glasrath Alliance now faces a horde of undead marching from the [Ammuinoth](realms.md#Ammuinoth). The battle starts, and three clashes happen in the mines. Miraak is killed, but was lucky enough to be close to Ghuse who starts a long ritual to resurrect him. Fuko also falls in battle, but she is unlucky to sink in the lake, only to be found too late. In the end, the alliance is victorious, but not without many casualties - including the wyrmling gold dragon that was freed by the Glasrath Defenders (the name given to Miraak, Guilf, Kethra, Dolman, and the now deceased Fuko). Access to the city of Khatdzig is established again. The group is celebrated as heroes, and their names are forever etched in the history of these mines. They have faced insurmountable odds and emerged victorious, proving that even in the darkest of times, there is still hope.

![](https://i.imgur.com/8cZ7CSJ.png)

### Alliance

After the large battle with the undead, the military units of the cities of Watheton, Gorthugke, Gamunz and Tolfoddund joined forces with the Delmuth people (drows from the Ghost Domain) and the Nargun. They were victorious, but with strong losses.
- Watheton: Nosbelbeyn and Ondor perished, their units are gone.
- Gorthugke: Ghuse survived, Umryn and Tristhil perished. They have left 69 Inf3 and 25 Inf2Arch.
- Tolfoddund: Sin-shar-ishkun and Gunk perished. They have left 24 Inf3.
- Gamunz: Singlestrike and Serhan survived, Umonar perished. They have left 9 Inf3, 98 Inf2, 46 Inf2Arch and 7 Inf1.
- Nargun: Umimnumi and Whursock (new regent) survived. Sitmeak perished. They have left 103 Inf3 and 20 Inf2Arch.
- Delmuth: Theklurth is missing in combat. Yncyn perished. Their units are gone.

The new organisation of the Glasrath Alliance is:
- King regent: Whursock Greybow (Nargun)
- Guard Regiment Capitain: Serhan (Gamunz)
- Mayor for the mines and city: Singlestrike (Gamunz)
- Army General and Cleric of Algath: Ghuse
- Army soldiers: 205 Inf3, 91 Inf2Arch, 50 Inf2
- Guards: 48 Inf2 and 7 Inf1
- Civilians from all the cities: 13.000.

# Part 2 Darkness deepens

## Chapter 4 Going to Holzander

A new party member joins the Glasrath Defenders - a dust elf cleric of [Mystra](religions.md#Mystra). With the goal of investigating the disappearance of the Gaelire Beikae, the Shield of Beauty, and her Paragon Force - which supposedly came to the Holzander burnt castle 10 years ago - the Glasrath Defenders went into the [Ammuinoth](realms.md#Ammuinoth). In the Castle of Bells they've met Weldon, a very pleasant werebear and then, in the Ardismouth Temple, they fought Tekerluth (who told them she was pregnant from Miraak). Due to combat injuries they decided to look for an exit towards the desert again. The Defenders reached Mystra's temple in the north desert, where they learned of other forces in play. One of them is a strange and powerful power within the Holzander castle. A second one is the religious and military organisation known as the Faithful Faletist Knights of the Arch (FFKA), which burned the Holzander castle 110 years ago, and apparently have some influence on the cities on the surface in the region.

![](https://i.imgur.com/0SFRF2o.png)

## Chapter 5 A Breath from the desert

The Glasrath Defenders marched through the desolate landscape of Ammuinoth, their path illuminated only by the dim light of the Ghost Domain. As they approached the Holzander castle, they encountered a Ghost Rider, a cursed creature never before seen in the mortal. The Defenders clashed with the beast, their weapons and spells piercing its ethereal form.

After a brief rest to recover from their wounds, the group pressed on towards the castle. The sight that greeted them was one of destruction and decay. The walls had crumbled and the once-proud turrets were mere ruins. Strange feathery creatures seem to have taken lair in the broken battlements, but none were there while the Defenders entered.

As they searched for a way inside, they discovered a hole in the underkeep that led to the castle's subterranean depths. The group cautiously descended the rickety wooden staircase, the air thick with the stench of bird droppings and decay. At the bottom of the stairs, they stood at the entrance to a dimly-lit chamber. With weapons at the ready, they stepped forward into the unknown, prepared to face whatever terrors awaited them in the depths of the ruined castle.

![](https://i.imgur.com/SIVF88s.png)

## Chapter 6 The torturer of Holzander

The Glasrath Defenders entered the first level of Holzander's castle, and saw psychotic scenes of torture and death. They met the responsible for them - a torturer known as the Gaoler - who threw in disturbing comments about having tortured Gaelira and killed the Paragon Force. The defenders decided it was too much of it and went on to kill the Gaoler - who had support from animated torture equipment and zombies. The battle that followed was challenging and some of the defenders were significantly hit. Especially Miraak who, during combat, realised he was not really brought back to life by Ghuse, but has been reanimated as an intelligent undead.

After killing the Gaoler, the defenders continued exploring the rooms and found two prisoners and their detainer, an ogre called Scar. The prisoners were Dugan Lovay - a dust elf merchant from the Linhe cities -, her companion, the Red Heart, and a halfling scholar from the capital Throta (in the northwest), who has been researching a disease known as the Lady Scurvy. The disease is some kind of death lycanthropy, but with very different consequences, that started afflicting the region about a year ago.

Scar, the ogre, did not pose a threat to the defenders, and was very relieved that the Gaoler was finally dead. While talking with the prisoners, the group became aware of a magic Mystra's door, through the catacombs, that goes into the surface (probably the lost access to the castle), and that the Gaoler knew the password to open it. Amyria also knows that this password is available in a book in Mystra's temple's library.

In this first level, several monuments existed: a frog statue of a long lost deity, a bowman statue, representing Cauchurn in the death river, and a memorial to the first Holzander, who established the castle, and explored the Brezal Paths that are so rich in the area. The group then decided to venture towards the catacombs, where they met Ushulx, a cultist of Cauchurn. Ushulx partnered with them while they fought shadows coming from the catacombs to the east and south. Everyone was too hurt to continue after, and the party decided to rest in the cells, together with the prisoners and Ushulx, while Scar kept a look for them.

![](https://i.imgur.com/LWn8FZ1.png)

![](https://i.imgur.com/bRldXlL.png)

## Chapter 7 The Void Claim

After a much-needed rest, the defenders huddled together in a dimly lit cell, sharing their knowledge and plans. Amidst the whispers, Ushulx, Dugan, Red Hart, and Ichbon discussed the animosity between Algath and [Curcharn](religions.md#Curcharn), two deities from the Deadecho. They also revealed the presence of other formidable residents in the castle, such as Cagoth-ze, a master of time magic, Danaska, an expert in oozes, and the powerful beings Imortra and Gellert. Ushulx expressed her eagerness to locate Avrindt, the Creep, a red dragon rumoured to have transformed into a death dragon. Meanwhile, Ichbon shared his quest to find a long-lost elven library that may hold knowledge about the Lady Scurvy disease.

The party engaged in a spirited debate about their next move, eventually deciding to venture to the lower level in search of Cagoth-ze. As they explored the second level, they stumbled upon records detailing gruesome ooze experiments and encountered a dangerous trap in the form of a green ink-ooze. Just moments later, Amirya's sharp eyes spotted something extraordinary—a time tributary, a river of time flowing through one of the rooms. In a bold and impulsive act, Guilf stepped forward and crossed the tributary, only to fall unconscious and undergo a magical transformation, becoming significantly younger. It became apparent that Guilf had been claimed by The Void, bound to a contract with this mysterious entity.

As the party deliberated their next steps, they noticed a clockwork servant skulking around the rooms, raising concerns about their safety. Acting swiftly, the group retreated from the second level and sought refuge in the safety of the cells on the first level, strategising their approach and considering the implications of Guilf's newfound contract with [The Void](religions.md#Mondendovil).

![](https://i.imgur.com/SleRiLY.png)

Commit message:

updated with history of angels and weavers

context/abridged.md, after:

# Part 1 A kiss from the dark

## Chapter 1 No options outside

A group of strangers, who had all arrived in Watheton for different reasons, found themselves in the local tavern, sharing drinks and stories. There was Guilf, a rugged bard with a quick wit; Miraak, an outcast dragonborn soldier; Kethra a young sorcerer with a mysterious past; Fuko a drow wizard from the Ghost Domain; and Dolman, a brave dwarven scout eager to prove himself. As they chatted, they heard of a large-scale attack of golden dragons in the south, causing widespread panic and chaos. The city of Watheton had no choice but to organise a mass evacuation to the nearby [Tolfoddund mines](realms.md#Tolfonddundhesm).

The group quickly offered to assist the Watheton leaders in ensuring safe passage for the inhabitants of the city. They scouted the road to the mines, fending off attacks from dangers along the way. Upon reaching the mines, the group discovered that their journey was far from over. A former friend of Guilf, Nilperto, had been turned into an undead creature, with a strange tattoo on his neck. The group fought bravely against Nilperto and his minions, eventually defeating them and uncovering a hidden passage that led to the Intermine and further to the Nargun Mines.

![](https://i.imgur.com/UQEH8lj.png)

## Chapter 2 The Glasrath alliance

As the group emerged from the Intermine, they found themselves on the outskirts of the [Nargun](realms.md#Nargunhesm) stronghold. The dwarves, who had been battling undead attackers for years, welcomed them with open arms. Over the next few weeks, many other people came to the mines seeking protection. Populations and armies from the cities to the south of Watheton, as well as drows from the Ghost Domain, arrived seeking shelter.

Some of the refugees from the cities had actually seen the dragons, offering a varied description of their appearance and abilities. Some said they had never seen anything like them before, while others claimed they had fought dragons in the past, but never ones as these. As tensions rose, the leaders of the various groups appointed the group of five as their representatives. They were tasked with forming an alliance amongst all the armies in order to stand a chance against the approaching horde of undead. 

In the midst of this chaos, the group met Ghuse, a martial cleric from [Algath](religions.md#Algath), the goddess of life and death. As they worked to unite the disparate forces, the group learned more about the strange tattoo on Nilperto's neck. They discovered that it was a mark of the undead army, a sign of their allegiance to a powerful necromancer who was rumoured to be behind the attacks.

With the clock ticking down and the undead army approaching, the group worked tirelessly to coordinate the defences of the mines. They organised the various armies into a cohesive unit, using their unique skills and talents to prepare and equip them for battle. They knew that the battle ahead would be brutal and bloody, but they also knew that they had a chance to turn the tide and protect the innocent people under their care.

![](https://i.imgur.com/VahnrSv.png)

## Chapter 3 Battle from Ammuinoth

The Glasrath Alliance now faces a horde of undead marching from the [Ammuinoth](realms.md#Ammuinoth). The battle starts, and three clashes happen in the mines. Miraak is killed, but was lucky enough to be close to Ghuse who starts a long ritual to resurrect him. Fuko also falls in battle, but she is unlucky to sink in the lake, only to be found too late. In the end, the alliance is victorious, but not without many casualties - including the wyrmling gold dragon that was freed by the Glasrath Defenders (the name given to Miraak, Guilf, Kethra, Dolman, and the now deceased Fuko). Access to the city of Khatdzig is established again. The group is celebrated as heroes, and their names are forever etched in the history of these mines. They have faced insurmountable odds and emerged victorious, proving that even in the darkest of times, there is still hope.

![](https://i.imgur.com/8cZ7CSJ.png)

### Alliance

After the large battle with the undead, the military units of the cities of Watheton, Gorthugke, Gamunz and Tolfoddund joined forces with the Delmuth people (drows from the Ghost Domain) and the Nargun. They were victorious, but with strong losses.
- Watheton: Nosbelbeyn and Ondor perished, their units are gone.
- Gorthugke: Ghuse survived, Umryn and Tristhil perished. They have left 69 Inf3 and 25 Inf2Arch.
- Tolfoddund: Sin-shar-ishkun and Gunk perished. They have left 24 Inf3.
- Gamunz: Singlestrike and Serhan survived, Umonar perished. They have left 9 Inf3, 98 Inf2, 46 Inf2Arch and 7 Inf1.
- Nargun: Umimnumi and Whursock (new regent) survived. Sitmeak perished. They have left 103 Inf3 and 20 Inf2Arch.
- Delmuth: Theklurth is missing in combat. Yncyn perished. Their units are gone.

The new organisation of the Glasrath Alliance is:
- King regent: Whursock Greybow (Nargun)
- Guard Regiment Capitain: Serhan (Gamunz)
- Mayor for the mines and city: Singlestrike (Gamunz)
- Army General and Cleric of Algath: Ghuse
- Army soldiers: 205 Inf3, 91 Inf2Arch, 50 Inf2
- Guards: 48 Inf2 and 7 Inf1
- Civilians from all the cities: 13.000.

# Part 2 Darkness deepens

## Chapter 4 Going to Holzander

A new party member joins the Glasrath Defenders - a dust elf cleric of [Mystra](religions.md#Mystra). With the goal of investigating the disappearance of the Gaelire Beikae, the Shield of Beauty, and her Paragon Force - which supposedly came to the Holzander burnt castle 10 years ago - the Glasrath Defenders went into the [Ammuinoth](realms.md#Ammuinoth). In the Castle of Bells they've met Weldon, a very pleasant werebear and then, in the Ardismouth Temple, they fought Tekerluth (who told them she was pregnant from Miraak). Due to combat injuries they decided to look for an exit towards the desert again. The Defenders reached Mystra's temple in the north desert, where they learned of other forces in play. One of them is a strange and powerful power within the Holzander castle. A second one is the religious and military organisation known as the Faithful Faletist Knights of the Arch (FFKA), which burned the Holzander castle 110 years ago, and apparently have some influence on the cities on the surface in the region.

![](https://i.imgur.com/0SFRF2o.png)

## Chapter 5 A Breath from the desert

The Glasrath Defenders marched through the desolate landscape of Ammuinoth, their path illuminated only by the dim light of the Ghost Domain. As they approached the Holzander castle, they encountered a Ghost Rider, a cursed creature never before seen in the mortal. The Defenders clashed with the beast, their weapons and spells piercing its ethereal form.

After a brief rest to recover from their wounds, the group pressed on towards the castle. The sight that greeted them was one of destruction and decay. The walls had crumbled and the once-proud turrets were mere ruins. Strange feathery creatures seem to have taken lair in the broken battlements, but none were there while the Defenders entered.

As they searched for a way inside, they discovered a hole in the underkeep that led to the castle's subterranean depths. The group cautiously descended the rickety wooden staircase, the air thick with the stench of bird droppings and decay. At the bottom of the stairs, they stood at the entrance to a dimly-lit chamber. With weapons at the ready, they stepped forward into the unknown, prepared to face whatever terrors awaited them in the depths of the ruined castle.

![](https://i.imgur.com/SIVF88s.png)

## Chapter 6 The torturer of Holzander

The Glasrath Defenders entered the first level of Holzander's castle, and saw psychotic scenes of torture and death. They met the responsible for them - a torturer known as the Gaoler - who threw in disturbing comments about having tortured Gaelira and killed the Paragon Force. The defenders decided it was too much of it and went on to kill the Gaoler - who had support from animated torture equipment and zombies. The battle that followed was challenging and some of the defenders were significantly hit. Especially Miraak who, during combat, realised he was not really brought back to life by Ghuse, but has been reanimated as an intelligent undead.

After killing the Gaoler, the defenders continued exploring the rooms and found two prisoners and their detainer, an ogre called Scar. The prisoners were Dugan Lovay - a dust elf merchant from the Linhe cities -, her companion, the Red Heart, and a halfling scholar from the capital Throta (in the northwest), who has been researching a disease known as the Lady Scurvy. The disease is some kind of death lycanthropy, but with very different consequences, that started afflicting the region about a year ago.

Scar, the ogre, did not pose a threat to the defenders, and was very relieved that the Gaoler was finally dead. While talking with the prisoners, the group became aware of a magic Mystra's door, through the catacombs, that goes into the surface (probably the lost access to the castle), and that the Gaoler knew the password to open it. Amyria also knows that this password is available in a book in Mystra's temple's library.

In this first level, several monuments existed: a frog statue of a long lost deity, a bowman statue, representing Cauchurn in the death river, and a memorial to the first Holzander, who established the castle, and explored the Brezal Paths that are so rich in the area. The group then decided to venture towards the catacombs, where they met Ushulx, a cultist of Cauchurn. Ushulx partnered with them while they fought shadows coming from the catacombs to the east and south. Everyone was too hurt to continue after, and the party decided to rest in the cells, together with the prisoners and Ushulx, while Scar kept a look for them.

![](https://i.imgur.com/LWn8FZ1.png)

![](https://i.imgur.com/bRldXlL.png)

## Chapter 7 The Void Claim

After a much-needed rest, the defenders huddled together in a dimly lit cell, sharing their knowledge and plans. Amidst the whispers, Ushulx, Durgan, Red Hart, and Ichbon discussed the animosity between Algath and [Curcharn](religions.md#Curcharn), two deities from the Deadecho. They also revealed the presence of other formidable residents in the castle, such as Cagoth-ze, a master of time magic, Danaska, an expert in oozes, and the powerful beings Imortra and Gellert. Ushulx expressed her eagerness to locate Avrindt, the Creep, a red dragon rumoured to have transformed into a death dragon. Meanwhile, Ichbon shared his quest to find a long-lost elven library that may hold knowledge about the Lady Scurvy disease.

The party engaged in a spirited debate about their next move, eventually deciding to venture to the lower level in search of Cagoth-ze. As they explored the second level, they stumbled upon records detailing gruesome ooze experiments and encountered a dangerous trap in the form of a green ink-ooze. Just moments later, Amirya's sharp eyes spotted something extraordinary—a time tributary, a river of time flowing through one of the rooms. In a bold and impulsive act, Guilf stepped forward and crossed the tributary, only to fall unconscious and undergo a magical transformation, becoming significantly younger. It became apparent that Guilf had been claimed by The Void, bound to a contract with this mysterious entity.

As the party deliberated their next steps, they noticed a clockwork servant skulking around the rooms, raising concerns about their safety. Acting swiftly, the group retreated from the second level and sought refuge in the safety of the cells on the first level, strategising their approach and considering the implications of Guilf's newfound contract with [The Void](religions.md#Mondendovil).

![](https://i.imgur.com/SleRiLY.png)

## Chapter 8 First Sight of Lady Scurvy

With their strength waning and their wounds still fresh, the band of weary heroes embarked on a treacherous journey towards the revered temple of Mystra, their priorities aligned with rejuvenation and restoration. As they traversed the Ammuinoth, their footsteps weighed heavily while caring their wounded. It was during this perilous expedition that their eyes fell upon a grotesque sight—a creature, contorted and abominable, crawling with malevolence along the ceiling. Ichbon recognised the fiendish being as an unfortunate victim infected by the accursed Lady Scurvy disease. Miraak, ever vigilant, discerned disturbing similarities between the creature's combat tactics and the vile vampire spawns employed by the armies of D'Elsin during the savage southern war. A battle ensued, arduous and fraught with peril, but it culminated in a final, decisive blow dealt by Kethra.

Days later, they reached the temple and met an old acquaintance of Amyria's, Jandar from the Desolate Flats, who informed them of undead ravaging Linhe. The FFKA, stalwart guardians of this strategic territory, had valiantly stood against the encroaching darkness. He was astonished as he discovered that the presumed fallen Glasrath Defenders still clung to life, offering their aid to the beleaguered region.

Rested, they headed to Gimorkoc, facing a rare thunderstorm. The storm, as abruptly as it had materialised, eventually receded. A Rurkinar ritual, an esoteric ceremony seldom witnessed, was poised to commence, orchestrated by the cultists' enigmatic high shaman. Their aim? To establish communion with the Angel Hound, a being of enigmatic power and purpose. Yet, amidst the gathering darkness and whispered incantations, Guilf, beset by a profound sense of disquiet, caught sight of a face within the throng—a visage hauntingly familiar, the countenance of his long-lost mother. Driven by an irresistible force, he chased after her, his companions hot on his heels.

![](https://i.imgur.com/XQExAKj.png)
