context/artefacts.md, before:

# Artefacts

### Iopothaeshield
**Iopothae Sentinel Shield, requires attunement**

While holding this shield, you have advantage on initiative rolls and Wisdom (Perception) checks. The shield is emblazoned with the symbol of an eye.

### Kimbarakerhands
Gauntlets of Kimbarak Strenght, requires attunement

Your Strength score is 19 while you wear these gauntlets. They have no effect on you if your Strength is already 19 or higher without them.

### Dreadmaska
***The Void's Hood of Telepathy, requires attunement***

Unknown origin.

While wearing this helm, you can use an action to cast the **[detect thoughts](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/detect-thoughts)** spell (save DC 13) from it. As long as you maintain concentration on the spell, you can use a bonus action to send a telepathic message to a creature you are focused on. It can reply--using a bonus action to do so--while your focus on it continues.

While focusing on a creature with **[detect thoughts](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/detect-thoughts)**, you can use an action to cast the **[suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion)** spell (save DC 13) from the helm on that creature. Once used, the **[suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion)** property can't be used again until the next dawn.

![secretsArtefacts](secrets/secretsArtefacts.md)

Commit message:

updated with history of angels and weavers

context/artefacts.md, after:

# Artefacts

### Iopothaeshield
**Iopothae Sentinel Shield, requires attunement**

While holding this shield, you have advantage on initiative rolls and Wisdom (Perception) checks. The shield is emblazoned with the symbol of an eye.

### Kimbarakerhands
Gauntlets of Kimbarak Strenght, requires attunement

Your Strength score is 19 while you wear these gauntlets. They have no effect on you if your Strength is already 19 or higher without them.

### Dreadmaska
***The Void's Hood of Telepathy, requires attunement***

Unknown origin.

While wearing this helm, you can use an action to cast the **[detect thoughts](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/detect-thoughts)** spell (save DC 13) from it. As long as you maintain concentration on the spell, you can use a bonus action to send a telepathic message to a creature you are focused on. It can reply--using a bonus action to do so--while your focus on it continues.

While focusing on a creature with **[detect thoughts](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/detect-thoughts)**, you can use an action to cast the **[suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion)** spell (save DC 13) from the helm on that creature. Once used, the **[suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion)** property can't be used again until the next dawn.

### Bitterluchcloak
***Mercian cloak of bitter luck, requires attunement***

Its textile was etched with ancient runes that glowed when activated with a pulsing, ethereal energy. The cloak had been woven by a long-dead wizard, who had imbued it with the power to harness the luck through air itself. It was said that the wizard had met a terrible fate, his body withered away from overuse of the cloak' power. But despite the risks, many still sought out the cloak, eager to wield its incredible power and claim their place among the greatest mages in the land. The cloak is full of runes written in Qualith.

- You gain a +1 bonus to AC and saving throws while you wear this cloak.
- Any friendly creature within 60ft of the cloak can expend one sanity point to re-roll any dice that directly impacts oneself.

![secretsArtefacts](secrets/secretsArtefacts.md)
