hostile/Directory.md, before:

# Hostile

This reference document is focused on playing **Hostile** on the chassis of **Stars Without Number**. This document is **not** intended to be self-contained, and requires other books.

- **HTL**: Hostile Setting (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fJPqFVlO9pqcjg7lMVgE9lAy4_vml6pW/view) and [publisher](https://www.paulelliottbooks.com/hostile.html))
- **SWN**: Stars Without Number (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s9ThcGpnoimZm49370hdDDsfdPMftj-n/view?usp=drivesdk) or get for [free](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/230009/Stars-Without-Number-Revised-Edition-Free-Version))
- **MMR** Metamorphica Revised (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cCtMvrb1oJ2mssGv37M21AKMuPdntalV&usp=drive_fs) and [purchase](https://preview.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/198038/The-Metamorphica-Revised)) - used only for mental decay.

# Context

**Hostile** is a tabletop RPG set in a universe that combines elements of gritty science fiction, horror, and political intrigue. It is heavily inspired by the aesthetics and themes of classic 1970s and 1980s sci-fi movies such as "Alien," "Blade Runner," and "Outland." The game is designed to evoke a sense of being on the edge of known space, where human life is cheap, corporate interests dominate, and the unknown looms at every corner.

Space is a hostile environment, not just because of its physical dangers but also due to the socio-political landscape. The game emphasises themes of corporate greed, the expendability of human life in the pursuit of profit, and the struggle of the working class against oppressive systems. Political intrigue plays a significant role, with factions within and between corporations, as well as other groups with their agendas, vying for power and influence.

## Themes

- **Gritty sci-fi**: Characters are blue collar spacers, working dangerous jobs in the hostility of space. Every hazard is trying to kill characters all the time. Everything in the world that isn’t an active corporate interest is run down, decaying, and stained. Earth is a traditional cyberpunk setting, but in space there is much less "street violence", and cybernetics are generally not reliable. *List of hazards: lack of oxygen, vacuum, radiation, excessive cold, excessive heat, aliens, alien infections, poisonous atmosphere, high pressure atmosphere, high decompression rate and high gravity acceleration in large bodies.*
- **Horror & fear**: A cynical world, filled with everyday people going about their jobs is a common starting point for good horror stories. Humans are not alone in the universe. Alien predators have been found in multiple worlds, and sometimes even in asteroids. Advanced alien societies had their remnants found by earth explorers, but intelligent life is still to be observed. Some theorists say they have been found, and are among us. And none knows when and where aliens will be found.
- **Political intrigue & treachery**: Several factions with their own motives and goals. Everyone is out for their own interests, and they’re trustworthy only so long as their interests align with yours. Everyone assumes that deals will be kept only so long as they’re mutually profitable and relationships will only continue as long as they offer benefits to all parties. Factions are classified in 3 groups:
	- **Technology & resourceful factions**: the strongest group, mostly formed by Mega Corporations and their subsidiaries.
	- **Belief factions**: their Influence is subtle and ideological, mostly formed by religions and conspiracy theorists
	- **Rising authoritative supra-government**: early years of an attempt of Earth governments to regain control from the Mega Corporations hands - the Terran Mandate.

*More detail on the Hostile book, pages 9-10.*

## Aesthetic

The aesthetic of **Hostile** is defined by its gritty, realistic approach to science fiction. Technology is not clean and advanced but rather functional, often run-down, and always with a practical purpose. Cybernetics are unreliable, and life in space is hazardous, with threats such as lack of oxygen, radiation, and alien infections being commonplace. The setting is designed to feel lived-in, with every location showing signs of wear and decay, reflecting the hard life of those who dwell in space.

## Relevant history

Based on our current history until present time. From now, until 2225:

- **SWN** book, pages 121-122
- **HTL** setting book, pages 12-22

## Relevant locations

**HTL** setting book contains details on most of the systems and worlds, corporations, factions, etc.

## Campaign start

Advanced alien ruins were found in 2223 in the Perdurabo system. An ice sample was bought by Tharsis' Parkfield Biolabs, which contained RNA that can be used to cure early dementia caused by frequent faster than light travel. The RNA named Neuroplasticity Augmentor Sequence (NAS-RNA), however, the RNA cannot be easily replicated in laboratory. For this reason, the discovery was not made public yet, and Tharsis has been moving fast to evaluate the feasibility to establish an ice mine in the system.

If proven feasible, the existence of the Brightside Mining Station in the system is an advantage. The station is a poorly managed facility that would be easy to purchase if the exploration proves commerciality of the play (see Hostile-Setting 82, for detail on the licensing process).

Perdurabo is a system blazing with the murderous light of a red giant star. The hard-bitten miners of the Brightside Mining Station maintain the only outpost of civilisation in a system filled with lethal light and stellar outlaws. Ancient asteroid sky tombs lie in the vicinity while a seething rebellion boils beneath Brightside Station's steel skin.

### Contract

**Contract signed with Tharsis Mining General Manager for Ice Exploration John McLeod.**

You are the crew going to Perdurabo. You main goal is to execute the Exploration Framework that enables the commercial evaluation of the Ice Mine play. Non-disclosed milestones, that will be paid off books, is infiltrating and deteriorating the leadership of Brightside station, so its later acquisition is even cheaper. 

Contracted roles and milestones are detailed below. Monthly salary is Salary + Multiplier x Profession Rank. Each milestone pays a bonus of a number of times the crew monthly salary. The crew will have a LTDA company where they are the shareholders.

Basic ship maintenance & fuel is paid by shipowner, additional repairs & fuels are paid by the LTDA (discounted for contract payment).

Ship must dock for life support supplies every 6 weeks (max life support is 2 months). Work shifts are 12x12, 7 days a week. You will carry a holographic AI suitcase to speak with the GM weekly on Saturdays. Replacements (in case of sickness or indisposition) will be sent from the fastest system where they can be available.

| Crew member | Contracted profession          | Undercover role            | Ship department | Base | Multiplier |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------- | --------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| Olaf        | CMT / O&M (Spacer rank 2)      | -                          | Captain         | 3000 | 1000       |
| Oni         | Pilot (Technician rank 1)      | -                          | Bridge          | 3000 | 200        |
| Dirk        | Chief Eng. (Roughneck rank 0)  | -                          | Engineering     | 4500 | 800        |
| Sabaka      | Comms (Technician rank 0)      | Corporate agent (spy)      | Comms           | 3000 | 200        |
| Oliver      | Doc / guns (Technician rank 0) | Corporate agent (assassin) | Gunnery         | 3000 | 200        |

**Exploration framework and milestones**

![|500](https://i.imgur.com/swvqhSV.png)


1. *Prospection*
	1. Theoretical study (completed outside the contract)
	2. Topography mapping
	3. Geological mapping
	4. Geochemical surveys, sampling
	5. Biochemical surveys, sampling
	6. **Milestone**: prospection completed (5x)
2. *Exploration*
	1. Pre mining surveys
	2. Space environment study
	3. Mining sites tests
	4. Mine discovery site
	5. Appraisal sites survey
	6. **Milestone**: pre-appraisal (5x)
	7. Mine appraisal site 1
	8. Mine appraisal site 2
	9. Mine appraisal site 3
	10. **Milestone**: exploration completed, contract delivered (10x)
3. *Production* (out of scope for this contract)
4. Off books
	1. **Milestone**: Information on how to take down current directorship (1x)
	2. **Milestone**: Information on who can be trusted to take take the directorship role (2x)
	3. **Milestone**: Take down current directorship (10x)
5. Extras
	1. All ore you find is property of Tharsis, and you need to refine it and set for delivery in Brightside. You will be compensated with 10% of its base price.

Session 0 starts at the mission kick off meeting, in Earth's largest starport in French Guiana.

### Perdurian Frostbreaker

```
Certificate of Flight

This is to certify that the mission "Perdurian Frostbreaker 2"

Registration Number: SGX-4721-IPB

is authorized and cleared for operations on the Perdurabo system for the purpose of ice mine exploration. This certification is valid for a duration of one standard Earth year, beginning on the date of issuance. It can be renewed every year for 2 additional years.

Captain: Olaf Gustafson

Ship ID: ECS Starbounder Frostbreaker GSV-112578

Crew ID: Pentagon

Date of Issuance: September 20, 2225

By the authority of the Mining Regulatory Agency, this restricted license certificate grants the holder the right to navigate the asteroids of Perdurabo with the aforementioned starship. It is understood that the crew of the starship shall adhere to all safety protocols, follow mining regulations, and report any unusual discoveries or incidents to the Consortium immediately.

This certificate is subject to revocation in the event of safety violations or any activities deemed harmful to the Consortium's interests.

Safe travels and may your ice mining endeavors yield bountiful resources.

Authorized by:

Director Seraphina Thornblade
Director of the Mining Regulatory Agency
Date: September 20, 2225

```


![](https://i.imgur.com/MRdCXz0.png)

### Perdurabo

![](https://i.imgur.com/RLOfasI.png)


# System

## Rules



## Character development

### Advancements

Experience gain:
- session
- ...

As per **SWN** 56.
### Mental decay

**Short term (stress)**

PC's individual (short term) stress is abstracted to a game pace mechanics: **Tension Pool**. The **Tension Pool** is managed by the GM.

**Long term (affliction)**

Long term mental decay (i.e. **Afflictions**) happens when it is narratively coherent. Long term mental decay is not a major theme of Hostile, so it will be used sparingly. The GM will ask for a Mental Save when there is a chance to develop an **Affliction** and they will be randomly rolled on the following **MMR** table.

![](https://i.imgur.com/fzOmsRr.png)
### Physical decay

**Short term (criticals)**

Upon rolling a natural 20 on an **Attack** roll, deal damage with **3x** the normal damage dice.

**Long term (injuries)**

When PCs are **Mortally Wounded**, they suffer a serious, long lasting injury. The following table is derived from **Cities Without Number**, for thematic coherence with **Hostile**.

| d12   | Injury                                                              |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1     | **Gut wound**: -1 penalty to a random physical attribute modifier.  |
| 2     | **Brain damage**: -1 penalty to a random mental attribute modifier. |
| 3     | **Trauma**: Gain an affliction.                                     |
| 4     | One **eye is ruined**.                                              |
| 5-6   | Left (5) or right (6) **leg is ruined**.                            |
| 7-8   | Left (7) or right (8) **arm is ruined**.                            |
| 9-10  | **System damage**: Gain +1 permanent **System Strain**.             |
| 11-12 | **Just a flesh wound**: It's not that bad of a hit after all.       |
### Relations

Relations development will not be used for Hostile.

# Game applications and links

- [Near Earth Zone (NEZ) Sector](https://sectorswithoutnumber.com/sector/E9FKrPjS8tsRmoryYMpe)
- [ECS Starbounder Frostbreaker GSV-112578](https://www.swnfreebooter.net/starshipShare/DOefjLYWNp812UH0Tqic)
- [Miro for sharing images and drawings](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/bjZPcHNLV3Z6NVMwN2JyaDR1U0Rrc2VOZnM1bTJnSjFPVG9BT3lNUDVrOE1EdVpCU2ZoMjZLZ3BrUGs5WFdhbnwzNDU4NzY0NTQ0OTA2ODU2MjgyfDI=?share_link_id=827183981565)
- [Owlbear rodeo for battle maps](https://www.owlbear.rodeo/room/bEBXAYnWwWR0/TheBusyQuest)

Commit message:

Moved hostile system to directory

hostile/Directory.md, after:

# Hostile

This reference document is focused on playing **Hostile** on the chassis of **Stars Without Number**. This document is **not** intended to be self-contained, and requires other books.

- **HTL**: Hostile Setting (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fJPqFVlO9pqcjg7lMVgE9lAy4_vml6pW/view) and [publisher](https://www.paulelliottbooks.com/hostile.html))
- **SWN**: Stars Without Number (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s9ThcGpnoimZm49370hdDDsfdPMftj-n/view?usp=drivesdk) or get for [free](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/230009/Stars-Without-Number-Revised-Edition-Free-Version))
- **MMR** Metamorphica Revised (link to [view-only pdf](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cCtMvrb1oJ2mssGv37M21AKMuPdntalV&usp=drive_fs) and [purchase](https://preview.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/198038/The-Metamorphica-Revised)) - used only for mental decay.

# Context

**Hostile** is a tabletop RPG set in a universe that combines elements of gritty science fiction, horror, and political intrigue. It is heavily inspired by the aesthetics and themes of classic 1970s and 1980s sci-fi movies such as "Alien," "Blade Runner," and "Outland." The game is designed to evoke a sense of being on the edge of known space, where human life is cheap, corporate interests dominate, and the unknown looms at every corner.

Space is a hostile environment, not just because of its physical dangers but also due to the socio-political landscape. The game emphasises themes of corporate greed, the expendability of human life in the pursuit of profit, and the struggle of the working class against oppressive systems. Political intrigue plays a significant role, with factions within and between corporations, as well as other groups with their agendas, vying for power and influence.

## Themes

- **Gritty sci-fi**: Characters are blue collar spacers, working dangerous jobs in the hostility of space. Every hazard is trying to kill characters all the time. Everything in the world that isn’t an active corporate interest is run down, decaying, and stained. Earth is a traditional cyberpunk setting, but in space there is much less "street violence", and cybernetics are generally not reliable. *List of hazards: lack of oxygen, vacuum, radiation, excessive cold, excessive heat, aliens, alien infections, poisonous atmosphere, high pressure atmosphere, high decompression rate and high gravity acceleration in large bodies.*
- **Horror & fear**: A cynical world, filled with everyday people going about their jobs is a common starting point for good horror stories. Humans are not alone in the universe. Alien predators have been found in multiple worlds, and sometimes even in asteroids. Advanced alien societies had their remnants found by earth explorers, but intelligent life is still to be observed. Some theorists say they have been found, and are among us. And none knows when and where aliens will be found.
- **Political intrigue & treachery**: Several factions with their own motives and goals. Everyone is out for their own interests, and they’re trustworthy only so long as their interests align with yours. Everyone assumes that deals will be kept only so long as they’re mutually profitable and relationships will only continue as long as they offer benefits to all parties. Factions are classified in 3 groups:
	- **Technology & resourceful factions**: the strongest group, mostly formed by Mega Corporations and their subsidiaries.
	- **Belief factions**: their Influence is subtle and ideological, mostly formed by religions and conspiracy theorists
	- **Rising authoritative supra-government**: early years of an attempt of Earth governments to regain control from the Mega Corporations hands - the Terran Mandate.

*More detail on the Hostile book, pages 9-10.*

## Aesthetic

The aesthetic of **Hostile** is defined by its gritty, realistic approach to science fiction. Technology is not clean and advanced but rather functional, often run-down, and always with a practical purpose. Cybernetics are unreliable, and life in space is hazardous, with threats such as lack of oxygen, radiation, and alien infections being commonplace. The setting is designed to feel lived-in, with every location showing signs of wear and decay, reflecting the hard life of those who dwell in space.

## Relevant history

Based on our current history until present time. From now, until 2225:

- **SWN** book, pages 121-122
- **HTL** setting book, pages 12-22

## Relevant locations

**HTL** setting book contains details on most of the systems and worlds, corporations, factions, etc.

## Campaign start

Advanced alien ruins were found in 2223 in the Perdurabo system. An ice sample was bought by Tharsis' Parkfield Biolabs, which contained RNA that can be used to cure early dementia caused by frequent faster than light travel. The RNA named Neuroplasticity Augmentor Sequence (NAS-RNA), however, the RNA cannot be easily replicated in laboratory. For this reason, the discovery was not made public yet, and Tharsis has been moving fast to evaluate the feasibility to establish an ice mine in the system.

If proven feasible, the existence of the Brightside Mining Station in the system is an advantage. The station is a poorly managed facility that would be easy to purchase if the exploration proves commerciality of the play (see Hostile-Setting 82, for detail on the licensing process).

Perdurabo is a system blazing with the murderous light of a red giant star. The hard-bitten miners of the Brightside Mining Station maintain the only outpost of civilisation in a system filled with lethal light and stellar outlaws. Ancient asteroid sky tombs lie in the vicinity while a seething rebellion boils beneath Brightside Station's steel skin.

### Contract

**Contract signed with Tharsis Mining General Manager for Ice Exploration John McLeod.**

You are the crew going to Perdurabo. You main goal is to execute the Exploration Framework that enables the commercial evaluation of the Ice Mine play. Non-disclosed milestones, that will be paid off books, is infiltrating and deteriorating the leadership of Brightside station, so its later acquisition is even cheaper. 

Contracted roles and milestones are detailed below. Monthly salary is Salary + Multiplier x Profession Rank. Each milestone pays a bonus of a number of times the crew monthly salary. The crew will have a LTDA company where they are the shareholders.

Basic ship maintenance & fuel is paid by shipowner, additional repairs & fuels are paid by the LTDA (discounted for contract payment).

Ship must dock for life support supplies every 6 weeks (max life support is 2 months). Work shifts are 12x12, 7 days a week. You will carry a holographic AI suitcase to speak with the GM weekly on Saturdays. Replacements (in case of sickness or indisposition) will be sent from the fastest system where they can be available.

| Crew member | Contracted profession          | Undercover role            | Ship department | Base | Multiplier |
| ----------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------- | --------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| Olaf        | CMT / O&M (Spacer rank 2)      | -                          | Captain         | 3000 | 1000       |
| Oni         | Pilot (Technician rank 1)      | -                          | Bridge          | 3000 | 200        |
| Dirk        | Chief Eng. (Roughneck rank 0)  | -                          | Engineering     | 4500 | 800        |
| Sabaka      | Comms (Technician rank 0)      | Corporate agent (spy)      | Comms           | 3000 | 200        |
| Oliver      | Doc / guns (Technician rank 0) | Corporate agent (assassin) | Gunnery         | 3000 | 200        |

**Exploration framework and milestones**

![|500](https://i.imgur.com/swvqhSV.png)


1. *Prospection*
	1. Theoretical study (completed outside the contract)
	2. Topography mapping
	3. Geological mapping
	4. Geochemical surveys, sampling
	5. Biochemical surveys, sampling
	6. **Milestone**: prospection completed (5x)
2. *Exploration*
	1. Pre mining surveys
	2. Space environment study
	3. Mining sites tests
	4. Mine discovery site
	5. Appraisal sites survey
	6. **Milestone**: pre-appraisal (5x)
	7. Mine appraisal site 1
	8. Mine appraisal site 2
	9. Mine appraisal site 3
	10. **Milestone**: exploration completed, contract delivered (10x)
3. *Production* (out of scope for this contract)
4. Off books
	1. **Milestone**: Information on how to take down current directorship (1x)
	2. **Milestone**: Information on who can be trusted to take take the directorship role (2x)
	3. **Milestone**: Take down current directorship (10x)
5. Extras
	1. All ore you find is property of Tharsis, and you need to refine it and set for delivery in Brightside. You will be compensated with 10% of its base price.

Session 0 starts at the mission kick off meeting, in Earth's largest starport in French Guiana.

### Perdurian Frostbreaker

```
Certificate of Flight

This is to certify that the mission "Perdurian Frostbreaker 2"

Registration Number: SGX-4721-IPB

is authorized and cleared for operations on the Perdurabo system for the purpose of ice mine exploration. This certification is valid for a duration of one standard Earth year, beginning on the date of issuance. It can be renewed every year for 2 additional years.

Captain: Olaf Gustafson

Ship ID: ECS Starbounder Frostbreaker GSV-112578

Crew ID: Pentagon

Date of Issuance: September 20, 2225

By the authority of the Mining Regulatory Agency, this restricted license certificate grants the holder the right to navigate the asteroids of Perdurabo with the aforementioned starship. It is understood that the crew of the starship shall adhere to all safety protocols, follow mining regulations, and report any unusual discoveries or incidents to the Consortium immediately.

This certificate is subject to revocation in the event of safety violations or any activities deemed harmful to the Consortium's interests.

Safe travels and may your ice mining endeavors yield bountiful resources.

Authorized by:

Director Seraphina Thornblade
Director of the Mining Regulatory Agency
Date: September 20, 2225

```


![](https://i.imgur.com/MRdCXz0.png)

### Perdurabo

![](https://i.imgur.com/RLOfasI.png)


# System

**Stars Without Number** is a sandbox-style science fiction tabletop RPG that embraces an "old-school renaissance" gaming philosophy, drawing mechanical inspiration from classic RPGs of the 1970s. It's designed to support a wide range of sci-fi adventures, from gritty mercenary actions to space opera, allowing players and game masters significant freedom to shape the game to their interests. Different than old school D&D, SWN has a much simpler class system, with most of the customisation done through background, foci (i.e. feats) and a robust skill system (based on classic Traveler - which is the skill system of the Hostile game too). Additional flavour from other games are always welcomed (OSR compatible preferred, but anything can be discussed): Any rule, class, foci, etc from any OSR game can be considered. [Sine Nomine](https://preview.drivethrurpg.com/en/publisher/3482/Sine-Nomine-Publishing) books are very easy to integrate with each other. I have a few of them if someone is interested.

## Character creation
***Stars Without Number 3-25***

- Classes available: warrior, expert or mix/adventurer (i.e. no magic or psionic powers)
- Everyone starts at level 1 with max HP (reduces hp jump at first level).
- Character sheet: [fillable pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bM8pMgGjMKao6s-12BjnkQ9MzXhFJ8i2/view?usp=drivesdk), [Google sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19vw6EHrl_2-8BcHob2_bxvcpLnVbAHbW3StjrNEFoKg/edit#gid=1671565117) or [freebooter app](https://www.swnfreebooter.net/)
- Replacements:
	- Upon character death: start at level 1.
	- Upon character retirement: start at half the level of the retired character.

## Character development

### Advancements
***Stars Without Number 56***

We will use the slower progression rules from WWN/CWN, instead of SWN's normal progression. Each session grants 1 to 3 XP.

![|400](https://i.imgur.com/Q8I5o35.png)

### Mental decay

**Short term (stress)**

PC's individual (short term) stress is abstracted to a game pace mechanics: **Tension Pool**. The **Tension Pool** is managed by the GM.

**Long term (affliction)**

Long term mental decay (i.e. **Afflictions**) happens when it is narratively coherent. Long term mental decay is not a major theme of Hostile, so it will be used sparingly. The GM will ask for a Mental Save when there is a chance to develop an **Affliction** and they will be randomly rolled on the following **MMR** table.

![](https://i.imgur.com/fzOmsRr.png)

### Physical decay

**Short term (criticals)**

Upon rolling a natural 20 on an **Attack** roll, deal damage with **3x** the normal damage dice.

**Long term (injuries)**

When PCs are **Mortally Wounded**, they must succeed a **Physical Save** or suffer a serious, long lasting injury. The following table is derived from **Cities Without Number**, for thematic coherence with **Hostile**.

| d12   | Injury                                                              |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1     | **Gut wound**: -1 penalty to a random physical attribute modifier.  |
| 2     | **Brain damage**: -1 penalty to a random mental attribute modifier. |
| 3     | **Trauma**: Gain an affliction.                                     |
| 4     | One **eye is ruined**.                                              |
| 5-6   | Left (5) or right (6) **leg is ruined**.                            |
| 7-8   | Left (7) or right (8) **arm is ruined**.                            |
| 9-10  | **System damage**: Gain +1 permanent **System Strain**.             |
| 11-12 | **Just a flesh wound**: It's not that bad of a hit after all.       |

# Equipment lists

- Equipment from the SWN book is considered the standard most common equipment available.
	- We are in year 2225, which means the maximum available technology is TL4 (SWN 63)
- More specific items, such as those from Hostile books, will cost their $ value in credits, sometimes being significantly more expensive than common equipment.
	- [Hostile Setting](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fJPqFVlO9pqcjg7lMVgE9lAy4_vml6pW&usp=drive_fs) for generic equipment and base weapons (damage conversion: SWN dmg = Hostile dmg / 2)
	- [Hostile Toolkits](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fL8DRXAaHosQ6aXeTCiIC1YKSVjhVCgk&usp=drive_fs) for specific equipment (includes explosives)
	- [Hostile Gun Locker](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fKPO19H1ZY4RAQoknhycMyO8sL4MN02V&usp=drive_fs) for advanced weapons

# Game applications and links

- Owlbear Rodeo [Hostile](https://www.owlbear.rodeo/room/9EODf1G37IDr/Hostile)
- Abridged [Hostile](https://github.com/efsalvarenga/terraCampaigns_published/blob/main/hostile/abridged.md)
- Sector [Map](https://sectorswithoutnumber.com/sector/E9FKrPjS8tsRmoryYMpe)
- [ECS Starbounder Frostbreaker GSV-112578](https://www.swnfreebooter.net/starshipShare/DOefjLYWNp812UH0Tqic)
- [Miro for sharing images and drawings](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/bjZPcHNLV3Z6NVMwN2JyaDR1U0Rrc2VOZnM1bTJnSjFPVG9BT3lNUDVrOE1EdVpCU2ZoMjZLZ3BrUGs5WFdhbnwzNDU4NzY0NTQ0OTA2ODU2MjgyfDI=?share_link_id=827183981565)
